I don't
I have here Oh 1885 vintage potato
cannon Wow
it's pretty rare it is when they ran out
of the metal used to form around 400 G
bottle this is definitely interesting
you know let me call my expert set I
don't know too much about these minced
potato cannons and this is great
I'd really like to have this for my
store this would be amazing on the Shelf
how's it going today I'm here to check
out a 1865 cannon a potato cannon to be
exact
I've been doing this for about 20 years
so let's see what they have in store for
us today
how's it going it's going good
here yoga have one of these down here
what I called you about what's done let
me know what you think of it it's the
older one this is actually this is the
first one you don't see many of these
because there's only one see if the
other markings are here all you got the
right stamp there spin this around this
original model what do you think it's
worth an auction I'd probably be around
I'd say maybe 400 at the right auction
it does have original stand here so I
mean maybe five at most but it's kind of
hard with the economy
by the time they take out the auctions
news you know after both for $400 they
walk where there's 300 a bunch of
hundred bucks get more cash money right
now how about like 250 I go to 20 but
that's the most I could really do okay
let's go along with the fires you know
take it out we're going to Telegraph to
test it out one with the fires $220
steel
we're working on it
No
yeah great time to clean that car what's
clean in another time who cares everyone
step back they buy the items I get to
play with them